DOC-6661 feature store use case (#3388)
redis/docs: content/develop/use-cases/feature-store/_index.md

scoring, recommendations, dynamic pricing — need dozens of pre-computed features
per prediction on every request, with sub-millisecond reads, mixed batch-and-streaming
freshness, and high write throughput from concurrent ingestion pipelines.

## Why the problem is hard

An online feature store has to serve dozens of features per inference call inside
a request budget measured in milliseconds, while batch jobs and streaming
pipelines update those same features at very different cadences. Some of the
obvious workarounds have real drawbacks:

-   **Querying the offline warehouse directly** adds hundreds of milliseconds per
    inference call, which makes real-time serving impossible.
-   **A bespoke cache in front of the warehouse** solves latency but introduces
    *training-serving skew*: the features served at inference drift from what the
    model trained on, silently degrading accuracy whenever a transform changes
    on one side and not the other.
-   **Disk-backed online stores** hit a throughput wall when every user action
    has to update a dozen features simultaneously across millions of entities —

>     the IO mix of small concurrent writes is exactly what they are slowest at.

Reviewer: SG requirement...

```suggestion
    the I/O mix of small concurrent writes is exactly what they are slowest at.
```

Change throughout.

Author: Fixed (I could only find one instance of this, btw).

-   **Single-TTL stores** can't handle mixed staleness: batch features refreshed
    nightly coexist with streaming features updated every few seconds, and a
    single per-key expiry can't express both. Worse, a failed ingestion
    pipeline must *expire* its features rather than serve stale values silently.

A workable online feature store needs sub-millisecond reads at request rate,
high concurrent write throughput from mixed batch and streaming ingestion,
independent freshness controls per feature, and self-cleaning behavior when an
upstream pipeline fails — without standing up a dedicated piece of
infrastructure beside the rest of the model-serving stack.

## What you can expect from a Redis solution

You can:

-   Serve feature vectors to inference endpoints under 1 ms P99

>     (99% of requests have a latency of 1 ms or less) at millions of

Reviewer: `\0/` *giggle*
